Happy Hacker Digest April 19-20, 1997 
====================================================================== 
      This is a moderated list for discussions of *legal* hacking. 
                        Moderator: Matt Hinze
                 Send posts to: matt@cs.utexas.edu (Matt Hinze) 
        [if you can, include a "HH" in the subject header] 
               

               Please don't send us anything you wouldn't 
              email to your friendly neighborhood narc, OK?

        To subscribe or 
unsubscribe, use the subscribe boxes on the menu bars, please.. 
If you decide you just want to use the forum and not get these 
mailings, we promise our feelings won't get hurt if you unsubscribe 
from this list. 
  
         H a p p y  H a c k i n g ! 
============================================================================= 
URL of the day: http://main.succeed.net/~coder/ 
Packet sniffing and IP Spoofing by Brecht Claerhout (thanks for the 
heads-up, Bronc Buster!) 
=============================================================================

Table of Contents: 
------------------

* Happy Hacker Digest Webpage 
* [NTSEC] ALERT - NT security flaw announcement (with fix ;>) 
* Disconnecting From Telnet 
* SMTP COmmands for Cisco Multinet 4.0 
* PGP Question 
* Do I Need a Domain Name? 
* More Windows 95 Net Utils (What are the for?) 
* Beta Testers Wanted 
* Sometimes it is just that easy. 
* Linux & Netscape 
* Note From Matt

============================================================================= 
*** Happy Hacker Digest Website 
=============================================================================

Ok, ok, I messed up. The correct URL for the Happy Hacker Digest 
Website is: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/matt/hh.html

This will not be my last mistake. :)

Matt

============================================================================= 
*** [NTSEC] ALERT - NT security flaw announcement 
=============================================================================

From: Aleph One <aleph1@DFW.NET> [As seen on the BUGTRAQ mailing list. 
To subscribe to Bugtraq, send an email message to 
listserv@netspace.org with "subscribe bugtraq" in the message body.]

    April 18, 1997 
    Announcement

    MWC, Inc.- NTsecurity.com would like to inform Internet Community 
that MWC, Inc. has discovered a security flaw ("RedButton Bug") in 
Microsoft Windows NT v 3.5x, 4.0. The security problem affects the 
majority of NT based networks.

    The "RedButton Bug" enables a remote user to get unauthorized 
access to a part of the NT system including registry and file system. 
The "RedButton" utility, which is available for download at 
http://www.NTsecurity.com/RedButton/ demonstrates the possibility of 
such an access:

   * It logs on remotely on a Target computer without presenting any 
     User Name and Password 
   * gains access to some of the resources available to Everyone 
   * determines the current name of Built-in Administrator account 
     (thus demonstrating that it is useless to rename it) 
   * reads several registry entries (i.e. displays the name of a 
     Registered Owner) 
   * lists all shares (including the hidden ones)

    Microsoft has already been notified about this flaw.

    MWC, Inc - NTsecurity.com 
    Network Security Team 
 

=============================================================================

From: Russ <Russ.Cooper@RC.ON.CA>

Here's more on how to fix (hopefully) the Red Button problem.

First of all, some important notes;

1. YOU CAN COMPLETELY STOP THE RED BUTTON PROGRAM by stopping or 
unbinding the Server service. Andy points this out in his help file 
(together with other useful security suggestions). Clearly this is 
very difficult for many, but in an Internet situation it is something 
you should be doing already. Of course unbinding the Server service 
means that no shares will be available from that box. This IS 
effective for Workstations, however, and is something that should be 
considered.

2. HKLM\SYSTEM\CCS\Services\LanManServer\Parameters\AutoShareServer 
(or AutoShareWks for workstations) will disable the default hidden 
administrative shares in NT 4.0 (i.e. c$, admin$), however, this does 
not prevent Red Button from getting other information as it accesses 
IPC$.

3. 
HKLM\SYSTEM\CCS\Services\LanManServer\Parameters\RestrictNullSessions 
is enabled by default, but does not restrict Red Button at all. I am 
still working through the combinations in NullSessionPipes to see if 
something there can prevent access.

--------

I have set up two methods to retrieve David's program, 
Everyone2user.exe

1. Go to http://ntbugtraq.rc.on.ca/david.htm

2. Send an email to mailto:Everyone2user@rc.on.ca and the program will 
be emailed back to you in UUEncode format. Most MIME capable email 
clients will automatically convert this to an executable for you.

Please note, I personally have tested David's program on my own NT 4.0 
machines. It did not adversely affect my ability to use any of the 
machines. HOWEVER, despite the wide variety of applications which I 
use on these machines, its not possible for me to test it with all 
applications that run on NT. It is EXTREMELY possible that there may 
be applications in use on your machine which DEMAND that the group 
Everyone has access. Should you be using such a program (and no, I do 
not know of any programs that do this today but that doesn't mean they 
do not exist), then using David's program on your machine WILL STOP 
THAT APPLICATION FROM WORKING.

I give you this strong caution because neither David nor I have any 
desire to have any of you find yourselves in the unenviable position 
of not being able to use one, or more, of your currently running 
applications.

Therefore, before you run this program make sure that you do a 
complete backup of your Registry. Update your Emergency Repair 
Diskette by using RDISK /S, or better still, use a backup program 
capable of backing up the registry to tape. Make sure that you test 
this on a NON-PRODUCTION system first if at all possible.

You have been warned, so please be smart and use caution BEFORE you 
use this program (or any program for that matter). If you are at all 
unsure about whether or not you have received the real program, then 
retrieve the program using BOTH methods above, and then compare them. 
They should both be the same size and show the same modified date of 
Friday, April 18th, 1997 at 11:21:22pm, yet they will each have 
different creation dates.

To my knowledge, this program has yet to be tested on an NT 3.51 
system, and the NT 4.0 systems it has been tested on may not have the 
same combination of Service Packs and Hotfixes as yours. Feedback 
would be appreciated from those of you who decide to run this program, 
stating your system configuration (OS version, Service Packs, and 
Hotfixes installed) as well as indicating which applications you have 
verified work properly after running this program. Send these messages 
to mailto:Russ.Cooper@rc.on.ca and I will make sure David gets the 
information. 
  
BE CAREFUL! Despite its lack of thorough testing, I still recommend 
you back up your registries and run it, as its benefits extend beyond 
just what Red Button can do.

It would seem that my bold statement about being able to stop Red 
Button by just getting rid of Everyone access is not true, as Andy 
pointed out. To use a Mudge-like phrase, I have strong suspicions that 
I know how to prevent this program from getting anything but further 
testing and discussion is required.

For those that have asked, "network access" as used by Andy, means 
access to TCP139 the NBSessions port. No existing authentication is 
required to exploit this information from a server, and nothing short 
of disabling the SERVER service will prevent it from retrieving at 
least the Administrator name and available shares. The risk is that if 
you have not enabled account lockout for your Administrator account 
(whatever it is called), someone could attempt to brute force their 
way into that account by connecting to the well-known share c$, or any 
of the shares that it can enumerate (hidden or otherwise).

Cheers, 
Russ 
R.C. Consulting, Inc. - NT/Internet Security 
owner of the NTBugTraq mailing list: 
http://ntbugtraq.rc.on.ca/index.html 
 

=============================================================================

From: David LeBlanc <dleblanc@ISS.NET> 
>MWC, Inc.- NTsecurity.com would like to inform Internet Community 
>that MWC, Inc. has discovered a security flaw ("RedButton Bug") in Microsoft

>MWC states on their web page that they have currently not found any 
>method that will 100% prevent these exploits. IMO, the common suggestion 
>to remove Everyone access from everywhere and replace it with Domain 
>Users should definitely do the trick. Guess their either saying this is 
>too difficult or that they don't know how to do it.

The problem appears to be in the well-known user of ANONYMOUS.  One 
problem I cannot overcome at the moment is the ability of this user to 
attach and gather Lan Manager information which includes shares and 
user names.  Note that the user information does include such things 
as comments and whether the user is the admin, guest, and which 
well-known groups they belong to.

Alas, a fix for this one will have to come from Microsoft.  However, I 
do have code here to read and set registry permissions.  Once I finish 
this app later this evening, I will post it for FREE, instead of 
trying to extort $95 as MWC is doing.

The source code for this app is based on code contained within the ISS 
scanner, belongs to ISS, and unless someone gives me permission, I 
can't post it.  At any rate, once a fix is tested, it will be made 
available.

----------------------------------------------------------- 
David LeBlanc                   | Voice: (770)395-0150 x138 
Internet Security Systems, Inc. | Fax:   (404)395-1972 
41 Perimeter Center East        | E-Mail:  dleblanc@iss.net 
Suite 660                       | www: http://www.iss.net/ 
Atlanta, GA 30328               |

[Matt: Well, well; it looks like WindowsNT has another flaw. Don't be 
suprised if another one pops up in the next weeks. All of you running 
NT: follow the advice of the preceding posts to make sure that, even 
though still vulnerable, your machine is as secure as you can get it.] 
 

============================================================================= 
*** Disconnecting From Telnet 
=============================================================================

From: Elizabeth Genco <genc7199@sparky.cs.nyu.edu>

Hi everybody--

Since I'm in such a good mood (doing the Linux happy dance because I 
just got PPP configured and up and running), I'll be brave and post my 
probably obvious question.  Say you're happily port surfing, be it 
from a shell account or a Linux box of your very own, and all of a 
sudden you forget the port number.  You could very well end up in 
front of a login prompt, and -- oh no! -- it expects you to login. 
Since I'm not in the business of trying to crack passwords, I'd love 
to know how to lose the login prompt of the telnetted computer and get 
back to my own shell prompt!  Anyone know how to do this?  And while 
I'm at it, I'll ask this: what's the deal with the "Escape Character 
is '^]'" ?? How do I use that? It certainly doesn't get me out of the 
login screen predicament!  Point, please?

[Matt: To end a telnet session type '^]', or more simply, hold the 
'Ctrl' button down while hitting the ']' key. You'll then get a 
"telnet>" prompt, or something similar. You can connect to another 
host or just exit the telnet program at this point.]

Thanks all -- since this is my first post, I'll mention how much I 
love this list and love reading all of your informative posts.  Thanks 
especially to people like Bronc Buster who put up oodles of fun 
information on the web for the rest of us....

Elizabeth

-- 
Elizabeth Genco 
.....to know, to will,                      finger genc7199@cs.nyu.edu 
     to dare, and to keep silent.....                ebessh@walrus.com 
     Rosabelle, believe.                            fiddlegrrl@aol.com

============================================================================= 
*** SMTP Commands for Cisco Multinet 4.0 
=============================================================================

From: the.mind.of.madness@mailrelay.tiac.net

I was wondering if anybody knows the SMTP commands for CISCO Multinet 
v4.0?  I tried looking all over for them, and I can't seem to find'em. 
It doesn't work like normal SMTP, and it doens't support help 
"command" either.

============================================================================= 
*** PGP Question 
=============================================================================

From: "John Doe" <infoflux@hotmail.com>

I kept seeing the public pgp keys on the posts to the dc-stuff list, 
and it finally piqued my curiosity.  So, I downloaded the program off 
of the MIT site and installed it and started fooling around.  I read 
all of the .txt files and faq's and I figured out how to make a key 
and encrypt and decrypt messages, amd I think I understand the basic 
principles of encryption.  What I don't understand, is how do 
integrate the encrypted file into my e-mail and then how does the 
receiver of my e-mail decrypt the file out of the e-mail body.  I am a

definite newbie, and I would appreciate it if someone could explain 
this to me as the text files and faq's are a little hard to 
understand.

[Matt: Well, there are several programs to do just this, depending on 
what OS you use. So my advice is this: go to Yahoo 
(http://www.yahoo.com) and do a search for "PGP". You can narrow the 
search and use "PGP shell". Of course, if you want to do all this 
manually, you can save your email message as a file, use PGP 
(command-line-like) and cut-and-paste it back into your email program. 
What you'll find yourself doing the most is signing plaintext files 
(email messages) and having them readable to others (everyone on the 
list). This ensures that you are the author of the message. If you 
want to practice sending PGP signed/encrypted messages, send them to 
me, at matt@cs.utexas.edu. My public PGP key is:

-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK----- 
Version: 2.6.2

mQCNAzM4Ey0AAAEEANwtVkKJtjCXc7ZHLEnOPaW3mD/Ac8sYoi+Bx02DtxGgOnVt 
VuS81V/p8rwaJHBhelGjsKJpKZuWJA8MPofJjr6WrQNn1DVxNPad+e2tjhPYrP/5 
faVpyP6fr7Q+MvUYD1XGN0KIbw3fUND81k5t8XdsQR7HlE8Loed7IWB3RoB5AAUR 
tB9NYXR0IEhpbnplIDxtYXR0QGNzLnV0ZXhhcy5lZHU+ 
=9Kqp 
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

.]

============================================================================= 
*** Do I Need a Domain Name? 
=============================================================================

From: deviant <biteme@en.com>

I have a computer that I want my friends to be able to telnet into 
from other places. It has an ip address, but no domain name. Do I have 
to register a domain name in order for others to access it? Any help 
would be appreciated. Thanks.

-jonathan

[Matt: Nope. The can just telnet to the IP, like:

$ telnet 222.222.111.222 
.]

============================================================================= 
*** More Windows 95 Net Utils (What are the for?) 
=============================================================================

From: jopee@mozcom.com

'More Win95 internet commands found in MS-DOS mode'

YO! Happy Hackers ;) 
We all know about d ping, tracert, netstat, etc. commands from d GTmHH 
beginners series. I found other commands for d 'net in my windows dir 
that were not mentioned in the GTmHH's I have read. These r run in 
MS-DOS mode. I don't know what exactly they do but here they r:

1. Arp.exe - Displays and modifies the IP-to-Physical address 
translation tables used by address resolution protocol (ARP).

2. Net.exe - This is not probably 4 'net but 4 windows 4 
workgroups(IMHO).

3. Netdde.exe - ?

4. Route.exe - Manipulates network routing tables. 
  
Ex. route -f print   (IMHO - ur 'net connection screws up  @$%@&$%*)

Active Routes:

Network Address     Netmask  Gateway Address        Interface  Metric 
127.0.0.0        255.0.0.0        127.0.0.1      127.0.0.1        1 
207.0.117.0      255.255.255.0    207.0.117.132  207.0.117.132    1 
207.0.117.132    255.255.255.255  127.0.0.1      127.0.0.1        1 
207.0.117.255    255.255.255.255  207.0.117.132  207.0.117.132    1 
224.0.0.0        224.0.0.0        207.0.117.132  207.0.117.132    1 
255.255.255.255  255.255.255.255  207.0.117.132  207.0.117.132    1

If somebody knows about these commands please post ur explainations.

7hankz...jopee@mozcom.com

============================================================================= 
*** Beta Testers Wanted 
=============================================================================

From: Alfred Huger <ahuger@SECNET.COM>

For those of you who are interested in network security auditing 
tools, SNI (Secure Networks Inc.) is making an open call for Beta 
testers. The software we are offering for Beta is our upcoming network 
auditing tool Ballista.

Interested parties should view :

http://www.secnet.com/beta/opencall.html

or FTP to :

ftp://ftp.secnet.com/pub/beta/beta-form 
 

/************************************************************************* 
Alfred Huger                                            Phone: 
403.262.9211 
Secure Networks Inc.                                    Fax: 
403.262.9221 
**************************************************************************/

============================================================================= 
*** Sometimes it is just that easy. 
=============================================================================

From: [anonymous]

     PLEASE KEEP THIS ANONYMOUS!!! 
  
  
     This is just to give hope to any luckless newbies out there like 
     myself.  I do not advocate breaking into other peoples systems 
     unless it serves some purpose - mainly to find security flaws or 
     holes in the setup. The only problem was I hadn't yet succeeded 
     in finding one. The other day however I actually was able to get 
     in and copy the password file of a unix host.  And the way I did 
     it couldn't have been any simpler.  I merely used the tftp client 
     to go retrieve /etc/passwd.  I thought "you have got to be 
     kidding me, it can't be that easy"  I ran the file through 
     crackerjack and called the guy with his passwords - no I did not 
     use them.  This is what hacking is about, not deleting files or 
     making sysop's lives miserable.  Where would they be without us?

============================================================================= 
*** Linux & Netscape 
=============================================================================

From: John Beal <jalexfox@www.cococreations.com>

Netscape And Linux, 
Here is something of a oddity that I have been dealing with concerning 
running Netscape For linux version 3.01.Also I am running the 
Slackware 2.0.27 kernel that I custom compiled for my system. For some 
odd reason when I get to large of a bookmark file or something ??? and 
I attempt to run netscape it Just locks up. I get this in my ps -a:

1234  Netscape 
1235  netstat (Zombie)

So then I type Kill -9 1234 and Boom netscape and the netstat zombie 
disappear it happens every time too. So then I started looking around 
to see what is causing it and I noticed that I had a modified 
bookmarks file so when I rm bookmarks.html and then restart netscape 
bingo it loads up and runs perfectly. Any one have any ideas about 
whats happening? Cause I like having a bookmark file and the only way 
I can now is to bookmark things and then rename them to something else 
and then use my web browser to view the bookmarked file and then can 
choose the URL from there. Kinda a the hard way around it but it 
works. Was mainly wondering if anyone else had the same problem and if 
rm'ing the bookmark file in their home dir fixed it too??

Jalexfox 
A ever curious Fox searching Learning Yearning and Hacking his way 
thru the Internet One Exploit at a time. 
  
============================================================================= 
** Note From Matt 
=============================================================================

Whew! What a day, security-wise. The digest, though, is shorter than 
usual. This is common in the newsmedia when there is a big breaking 
story. For example, In the days up to a Presidential election, that's 
basically all you hear about, even though there is other news. I guess 
it has to do with what has priority with your audience. Also, I've 
been busy offline. My parents are in town and, well, I'm exhausted 
from keeping them busy here in Austin.

By the way, expect the HHDigest Webpage to be fully updated the day 
after you get the digest.

Happy Hacking, 
Matt Hinze <matt@cs.utexas.edu>
