May 27, 1999 
_______________________________________________________________________

Visit the Happy Hacker site at http://www.happyhacker.org 
New Wargame winners! http://meyer.happyhacker.org 
Crackers vs. Feds -- whos winning?  http://antionline.com 
_______________________________________________________________________

Table of Contents

Happy Hacker Unix editor, Meinel to speak at Summercon 
Gallatin, Meinel at Cyberspace Free Speech Seminar 
gH Gang battles FBI over massive raids, arrests 
Windows editor needed

_______________________________________________________________________

 *** Happy Hacker Unix editor, Meinel to speak at Summercon 
_______________________________________________________________________

Summercon 99 will be held in Atlanta, Georgia (USA) for the weekend of 
June 4-6th, at the Omni Hotel (which is also headquarters for Cable 
Network News). Happy Hacker Clown Princess, Carolyn Meinel, will speak and 
also teach hacking with a live Internet connection (if the hotel doesnt 
renege on its promise of an analog phone line or blow up my modem by 
giving me a digital line instead).  Our anonymous Unix editor will also be 
there to lend a helping hand to newbies and sophisticated hackers alike.

Admission to this con is free!  Learn more about it at 
http://www.summercon.org.  Hope to see you there!

_______________________________________________________________________

 *** Gallatin, Meinel at Cyberspace Free Speech Workshop 
_______________________________________________________________________

If you someday get to play an online, multiplayer game called You Dont 
Know Jack about Free Speech, you can blame Corey Gallatin!

It all started at a May 22 through 25 seminar "Freedom Beyond Borders: The 
Future of the First Amendment in Cyberspace." I was held at the Media 
Center of the American Press Institute in Reston, Virginia.

Gallatin, who runs the routers at our Hacker Wargame, is alleged to have 
incited a bunch of new media folks and science fiction author Melissa 
Scott (Trouble and her Friends) into threatening to produce a computer 
game that would have at least as much blood and mayhem as Quake or Doom if 
the bad guys get the better of the free speech folks.  It happens in real 
life, folks -- people sneaking down alleys distributing banned newspapers, 
getting run down by tanks, being tortured to death for speaking out 
against tyranny.  And it could happen here.

If you are a computer game programmer -- please contact us.  If you join 
the game team you get to hang out with some really cool people and maybe 
help make the world a freer, better place.

Read about our adventures at the Media Center at 
http://www.mediacenter.org.

_______________________________________________________________________

 *** gH Gang battles FBI over massive raids, arrests 
_______________________________________________________________________

Right now a massive series of raids and arrests are underway, apparently 
centering around the gH gang.  What apparently tripped it off was the May 
2 hack of the White House web site by someone claiming to be Zyklon of gH. 
We mention this story in an Inside Happy Hacker ezine because the hacked 
White House site included an insult against me.  Of course I cried myself 
to sleep over this -- NOT.

On May 8 the FBI arrested Eric Burns, 19, on three counts of computer 
intrusion.  Burns is believed by some to be Zyklon.  While he has not been 
charged (so far) with the White House attack, he has been indicted for 
crimes against the web site of the U.S. Information Agency as well as 
LaserNet of Fairfax, Va., and Issue Dynamics Inc. of Washington, DC.

According to news stories first reported at http://Antionline.com, this 
week the FBI has raided and arrested several dozen hackers, many, if not 
all of them somehow associated with Zyklon and gH.  These apparently 
include two who are well known to people using the Happy Hacker IRC server 
at otter.happyhacker.org: MostHated and Coolio.

May 26 the gH gang struck back with attacks that included shutting down 
the FBI web site with denial of service attacks.  In response the FBI 
faxed requests to many Internet service providers and universities 
requesting that they save copies of all email, logs etc. belonging to a 
long list of suspects.  These suspects include cult hero, well-known for 
his Temple of Hate at http://www.attrition.org.  Cult hero has previously 
been raided in connection with the Hacking for Girliez hacks of the New 
York Times and Rt66 Internet.  Damage associated with the Hacking for 
Girliez rampage has been estimated at over $3 million.

Duh.  DUH!  People, if any of you are even THINKING of protesting ANYTHING 
by committing computer crime, first say DUH as loud as you can three 
times.  Hacking high profile web sites only puts pressure on the FBI to 
arrest somebody.  Anybody.  Lots and lots of somebodies.  If the pressure 
from, lets say residents of the White House gets strong enough, lots of 
innocent people could get arrested.  If you want the world to hear what 
you have to say, you are free today to set up your own web site and anyone 
on the Internet will be free to see what you have to say.  Please dont 
give the FBI and White House excuses to round up large numbers of 
suspected hackers.  It really is possible that thousands of us someday 
could get rounded up into concentration camps as threats to society -- 
regardless of how innocent we are.  Ask the hundreds of thousands of US 
citizens who, in World War II, were rounded up into concentration camps 
and their homes, land and businesses stolen by the government.  Their only 
crime was to be of Japanese ancestry.

Wont ever happen again, you say?  In 1983 the US Federal Emergency 
Management Agency (FEMA) drew up plans to throw several hundred thousand 
legal immigrants from Central America into concentration camps if we 
invaded Nicaragua.  News stories claimed this was done in the part of FEMA 
run by Fred Villella.  Mr. Villella, known as Uncle Fred by the hackers 
who work for him, recently has given contracts to many of the most 
prominent US hackers, for example Mudge of The L0pht 
(http://www.l0pht.com), Pete Shipley who runs the dc-stuff hackers mail 
list and Dis Org Crew (http://www.dis.org) and Michael Schiffman (AKA 
Route), who runs Phrack (http://phrack.org).  News stories say Villella 
now conducts training for the FBI and Federal intelligence agencies.

This does NOT mean that Villella and his contractors are up to anything. 
Villella may well have decided that after being raked over the coals over 
and over again in Congressional hearings that he never wants to be 
involved in FEMA-style activities again.  I just bring up his case to 
remind you of how easily the Federal government can infiltrate hacker 
groups.

Duh.  Now will you people who hack web sites please think about setting a 
good example of what freedom of speech means by putting up your own web 
sites and not hacking those of other people or organizations?  All you are 
doing is giving the Feds the pretext to lock up lots of people.  In the 
current hysteria, many innocent people are in danger of going to jail.

_______________________________________________________________________

 *** Windows Editor Needed 
_______________________________________________________________________

It is with great sadness that we must say good bye to our Windows editor, 
Keydet89.  He has resigned, citing his opposition to Antionline providing 
the mail services for our ezines.

If you know Windows, if you are totally opposed to computer crime but 
understand that hacking is what makes cyberspace free and fun, if you 
arent afraid of controversy, if you want to make a difference in the lives 
of the people who will learn from your Windows Digests, please contact 
Carolyn Meinel, , 505-281-9675.

_______________________________________________________________________ 
with 
the message "subscribe happyhacker."  Unsubscribe with message unsubscribe 
happyhacker.

This is a list devoted to *legal* hacking! If you plan to use any 
information in this Digest or at our Web site to commit crime, go away! 
Foo on you! Don't email us bragging about any crimes you may have 
committed.  We mean it.

For Unix questions, contact unixeditor@techbroker.com.

Happy Hacker staff: Unix editor, <unixeditor@techbroker.com>; 
Windows editor, <editor@techbroker.com>; Hacker Wargame 
Director, Vincent Larsen <vincent@sage-inc.com>; 
Clown Princess: Carolyn Meinel <>

Happy Hacker is a 501 (c) (3) tax deductible organization 
in the United States operating under Shepherd's Fold Ministries.
